README.md, before:


Salon Management System
=======================

For Epicodus Code Review: Friday, May 8, 2015
---------------------------------------------

Note on submission:
-------------------
Friday due to the president's visit downtown and the job-fair we worked from home. My submission was sent in Saturday instead of Friday end-of-class. Primarily this was due to having installed a system update last week (after the last assessment) that apparently broke several dependencies in ruby and the database, and made it so I didn't get rpsec and postgres to work. I spent most of Friday trying to get it working first on OS X, then on a virtualbox I had running on my Mac, which kept choking on the version of postgres that was required to work with the PG gem. As such I didn't get started coding until pretty late. The assignment is partly complete - I didn't finish prettying it up completely, and I didn't finish writing in the delete stylist/client or the change-name for stylist/client. If I'd had a little more time Friday due to not fighting my environment I think I'd have had them done. I now have both my system fixed and my test environment and a test server so I don't think this should happen in future when working from home. Sorry!!

Description:
------------
Allows salon manager to add stylists, add clients, add clients to a stylist, add a stylist to a client, and view their connections.

By:
---
Andrew David Burt (andrew@ampletorque.com)

Setup:
------
Runs under ruby v2.0.0p481 on OS X.
You will need to create a postgres database for this app and its tests to run.
After postgres is installed, run:

    $ postgres

and leave it running in the background. Then run:

    $ psql

and at the interface, the following commands:

    CREATE DATABASE hair_salon;
    \c hair_salon
    CREATE TABLE stylists (id serial PRIMARY KEY, name varchar);
    CREATE TABLE clients (id serial PRIMARY KEY, name varchar, stylist_id int);
    CREATE DATABASE hair_salon_test WITH TEMPLATE hair_salon;

Then run app as follows:

    $ ruby app.rb

License:
--------
MIT License. Copyright 2015 Andrew David Burt.

Bugs:
-----
None so far.

Notes:
------
None.

Commit message:

allow salon manager to change names of clients and stylists, also to delete clients and stylists, and pass an integration spec following these web paths. Also it will add to README.

README.md, after:


Salon Management System
=======================

For Epicodus Code Review: Friday, May 8, 2015
---------------------------------------------

Note on submission:
-------------------

Saturday note 1:
----------------

Friday due to the president's visit downtown and the job-fair we worked from home. My submission was sent in Saturday instead of Friday end-of-class. Primarily this was due to having installed a system update last week (after the last assessment) that apparently broke several dependencies in ruby and the database, and made it so I didn't get rpsec and postgres to work. I spent most of Friday trying to get it working first on OS X, then on a virtualbox I had running on my Mac, which kept choking on the version of postgres that was required to work with the PG gem. As such I didn't get started coding until pretty late. The assignment is partly complete - I didn't finish prettying it up completely, and I didn't finish writing the Sinatra interface for the delete stylist/client or change-name for stylist/client. If I'd had a little more time Friday due to not fighting my environment I think I'd have had them done. I now have both my system fixed and my test environment and a test server so I don't think this should happen in future when working from home. Sorry!!

Saturday note 2:
----------------
After I got back home, I realized that even though it's all getting posted late, I might as well just hook up the change-name and delete functions, since I'd already written the underlying ruby code. I added/changed the relevant code in the forms and app.rb to make it run in the browser and pass some new additions to the integration spec.

Description:
------------
Allows salon manager to add stylists, add clients, add clients to a stylist, add a stylist to a client, and view their connections.

By:
---
Andrew David Burt (andrew@ampletorque.com)

Setup:
------
Runs under ruby v2.0.0p481 on OS X.
You will need to create a postgres database for this app and its tests to run.
After postgres is installed, run:

    $ postgres

and leave it running in the background. Then run:

    $ psql

and at the interface, the following commands:

    CREATE DATABASE hair_salon;
    \c hair_salon
    CREATE TABLE stylists (id serial PRIMARY KEY, name varchar);
    CREATE TABLE clients (id serial PRIMARY KEY, name varchar, stylist_id int);
    CREATE DATABASE hair_salon_test WITH TEMPLATE hair_salon;

Then run app as follows:

    $ ruby app.rb

License:
--------
MIT License. Copyright 2015 Andrew David Burt.

Bugs:
-----
None so far.

Notes:
------
None.
